Allow list search in CONTEXT (#353)
Telefonica/toolium: CHANGELOG.rst

*Release date: In development*

> - Update `[CONTEXT:a.b.c]` to allow list access in context, f.e: context.list.1 access to the second element of list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `[CONTEXT:a.b.c]` replacement to allow lists access, e.g. [CONTEXT:list.1] to access the second element of list
```
